# AC Meeting #1 2019-01-29

**Agenda:** https://github.com/ampproject/meta-ac/issues/4

**Facilitator:** @tobie

## Attendees:

* @tobie
* @tones
* @cvazac
* @senthilp
* @wirelessjoe
* @dymerrell
* @pdelgadorodriguez
* @elibud
* @edent
* @levidurfee
* @sumodas
* @gui-poa

## Excused:

* @LJWatson
* @stubbornella
* @dknecht

# Minutes

## Housekeeping

* Trying HackMD for collaborative minute taking, reverting to google docs if it doesn't work well.
* FYI that we're operating under the [AMP code of conduct ](https://github.com/ampproject/meta/blob/master/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).
* Update on the [CLA changes](https://github.com/ampproject/meta/pull/15/files) as it impacts AC members directly.
* Reminded members to join the mailing list and GitHub org and team (@ampproject/ac).

## Privacy vs. openness 

Where do we draw the line? ([issue #10](https://github.com/ampproject/meta-ac/issues/10)).

* Might stifle discussion to have everything recorded and shared.
* Might be worth inviting people to observe but not participate.
* Shared video is good for sharing information - but not good for decision making and exploration of ideas.

#### Resolution

* Videos to be recorded for AC Members, and for future reference, but not for public sharing.
* However, anyone can request to join the video conference.

### Does anyone need help with GitHub?

* Reach out to @tobie if you need help.

## Video conf meetings

* Seems to work well. No tech issues reported.
* Monthly frequency to start with. 
* Change frequency if necessary. 
* Timezones will always be a problem.

#### Actions:
- [ ] @tobie to handle scheduling. 

## F2F

* Useful to meet AFK
* Original plan to meet in NYC - but this is not ideal because of plan for fall NYC summit
* Easily able to host in London thanks to Akamai
* Or Tokyo to combine with TSC.
* Brexit concerns - don't want to meet too close to the end of March. 
* Also suggested Google IO (May in CA, USA).

#### Resolutions:
* No plans to meet around AMPConf in Tokyo.
* We'll meet in London if we have enough interested parties.
* We'll consider meeting around Google I/O if sufficently many people are planning to go.
* We'll hold a meeting around the Contributor Summit in NYC in the fall (date pending).

#### Actions:
- [ ] @tobie to send doodle for London meeting. 

## Pending issues:

### Approve working mode (#2)

#### Actions:
- [ ] AC Members to review the pull request and comment, approve, or +1 it.

### Horizontal reviews and vertical concerns (#5) (#8)

- [issue #5](https://github.com/ampproject/meta-ac/issues/5)
- [issue #8](https://github.com/ampproject/meta-ac/issues/8)

- These issues seem to share the same infrastructure and process requirements.
- @cvazac suggests using labels or issue/pull request templates for I2I (maybe that's already the case).
- Whereas it seems AC members could directly help with the vertical concerns, they're much less experts in the horizontal ones.

#### Actions:

- [ ] @sumodas, @tobie, and @levidurfee to discuss further in the Github issue (others welcome too).

## Misc

- The group needs to figure out exactly what its role is within AMP beyond answering the TSC's questions.

#### Actions:

- [ ] @tobie to start a thread on the mailing list about what areas members would like to focus on.






